tests : Add tests for `CoreList` block. (#22)
rtCamp/wp-graphql-content-blocks: .changeset/empty-pants-live.md

---
"@wpengine/wp-graphql-content-blocks": patch
---

> tests : Core list blocks and core list-item blocks

Reviewer: Always use an imperative tense for these commit logs (same as PR titles) per conventional commits.

I.e it should fill in the blank for the following sentence: `If merged, this PR will ___________.`
```suggestion
tests : Add tests for `CoreList` and `CoreListItem` blocks.
```

Author: Done 👍  Thankyou for this trick : " `If merged, this PR will ___________.` ", now i will always keep this in mind while framing commit messages
